Every year: a new livecd/usb iso is made.
You can burn the iso using TAZ on a cd-r (assuming you already have that and are not currently still working on windows 
or another linux distro). The TAZ program to use for this is xfburn. 
This same program may also be available on another linux distro (in case you're currently working with that instead). 
If using windows, ImgBurn can be used instead.
You can also place the iso on a usb stick instead of on a cd-r by means of a program such as:
* Universal USB installer (http://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/)
* Linux Live USb creator (http://www.linuxliveusb.com/)
* UNetbootin (https://unetbootin.github.io/)

The x86 bootable archives for livecd folder and the amd64 bootable archives folder will both contain 
the 7 different bootable archives to be started at boot. The bootable archives will be squashfs archives.

Operating principles of the live cd:

A boot screen is shown, displaying the 8 different boot options, knowingly:
Boot setup 1: core programs only
Boot setup 2: core programs + system-config-printer + abiword + gnumeric
Boot setup 3: core programs + impressive
Boot setup 4: core programs + inkscape
Boot setup 5: core programs + GIMP
Boot setup 6: core programs + mpv
Boot setup 7: core programs + Claws mail
Boot setup 8: core programs + programs installed on TAZ_optional_usb_stick (bootsetup8 folder)
this technique is similar to http://doc.slitaz.org/en:guides:manyinone
after selecting one of these options, it will copy all data of this setup option (core programs= 1 compressed file, additional
programs = 1 additional compressed file) to RAM (tmpfs) , and then boot this setup. 
The benefit of this approach is that the amount of RAM needed for the PC can remain relatively low, and the operating system
will also be much faster

Read/write abilities:
Since cd-r's are read-only, the operating system never changes (between boots) and can't become insecure.
Upon boot, the data is written to ram (--> it will copy the archives to tmpfs so it runs from RAM), hence allowing the
introduction of settings (for example to add log-in data to gajim, data for printer detection, ... so these can effectively be
used). This login data will need to be entered every time the operating system is restarted, as settings are not storable. The
browser will similarly lose all its history data with every restart, but during use, it will keep history data.
Any important data generated (i.e. text documents, spreadsheets, powerpoint presentations, ...) can be saved to a usb stick.

A usb stick is also used to store not only the main boot archives but also additional packages (ie programs, drivers for certain 
hardware like graphics cards -if he wants better support than the standard x vesa-, printers, scanners, modems, ...) and 
settings. Programs that require the presence of special drivers (i.e. Blender, ...) are also found on the usb stick. Some users 
may also want to add programs for administrative things, i.e. eid-mw, ledger-software, ....
This is all possible by having the 8th boot setup on the livecd/liveusb activate a script which tells the system to include any 
squashfs archives placed on the "bootsetup8" folder on the usb stick. Users can make their own squashfs archive in the
bootsetup8 folder by gathering the installation files via the package manager (or via github, ...) and installing it to the
bootsetup8 folder, and then compressing the files into a squashfs archive. The squashfs archive needs to be named 
"archive8.squashfs" so the script can find and launch it.
An alternative to this is -in case you have MS Windows (XP, 2000, ...) installed to a harddisk- to use MS Windows for those
tasks you can't do in TAZ (due to lack of drivers, ...).

Notes:

Regardless of the boot option chosen, the user will always log in as a user for security reasons.

The livecd/liveusb won't feature a "install to HD" option.
Not having an install to HD option will also steer its users to not using a HD, meaning it can be omitted in the user's pc. 
Omitting the HD in the pc will make for a more environmentally friendly machine, and is hence a good thing. 
Also, read speed of especially USB's are -although slower than HD's- still pretty high and less than 650 mb needs to be read
anyhow and saved to RAM. So, speed increases (compared to HD's) is -even at this phase-, negligable, and after the save to RAM,
everything is read from RAM, so no speed gains can be had there neither.

A script would be added in /etc/local.d/ that will be started at bootup (in all boot setups). This script would do an execute
command (./) to start a script in /bootscripts/ located on a USB stick (so on one of the USB ports) with several commands
(including a "setxkbmap" command that has priority over the default keymap configuration), . The advantage of this being that 
files on the USB stick can be altered, unlike the on the livecd. This way, people that have a different keyboard can still
correct this.
If no USB stick is detected and thus no /bootscripts folder has been found, then the default keymap should be started (azerty)
